[Music]
ethan
one day you will want to trust what you
can see with your own eyes but it won't
be enough
this is going to hurt
i'm sorry ethiopia it will help you
become who you are meant to be
deaths continue to spiral out of control
due to the oxygen crisis that the world
has termed
the sickness last year i had 20 kids in
my class
this year i have 12. ethan white
do you know what your father did here
meet the chronicle what if i told you
that you could save all of us
save your wife we received a message
from the future the future this is a
phone machine
the people who sent the message must
have found a cure do you really believe
i'm going to save the world
you're all manly you may be humanity's
only chance
to finally cure 10 9
8 7 6
come back to me
whoever sent the message we need to find
it
when you are at the beginning of the
journey you can change
everything you have to trust me now
this isn't about funny accuracy
something bigger at play
imagine that we are all connected by the
very fabric of the universe
[Music]
[Applause]
an invisible field that bonds us
together you
me the stars we can't change anything
it's always going to play out this way
there is no other way
we are all connected through time
about saving the world
[Music]
[Applause]
um
bye